chore: unlock cmd hmac and password from input (#487)
babylonlabs-io/finality-provider: docs/finality-provider-operation.md

EOTS Manager Daemon is fully active!
```

#### 5.3.1. Unlock file-based keyring

> ⚠️ If you are using a `file` based keyring-backend, you need to unlock the keyring by executing the following command:

Reviewer: When does someone need to unlock their keyring (e.g., after starting the daemon) and why (e.g., to be able to sign requests?)? If they don't do so, what happens (e.g., the program will error)?

After starting the daemon? And also in order to

```shell
eotsd unlock --eots-pk <eots-pk> --rpc-client <eotsd-address>
```

You will be prompted to enter the password for the keyring. After which the signing operations will be available and eotsd can
run uninterrupted.

> Alternatively to inputting the password, you can specify the password with the environment variable `EOTS_KEYRING_PASSWORD`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alternative to providing the password as an input is specifying the password with the environment variable `EOTS_KEYRING_PASSWORD`:
```

```shell
export EOTSD_KEYRING_PASSWORD=<your-password>
```

If you have HMAC security enabled, you can also specify the HMAC key either with:

> - `HMAC_KEY` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `HMAC_KEY` environment variable
```

for consistency in the doc

> - Providing the `--home` path to the eotsd home directory which contains the config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Providing the `--home` path to the eotsd home directory which contains the config file
   containing your HMAC password.
```

> >**🔒 Security Tip**:

Reviewer: The security tip seems to be for the 5.3.1. section, but it's a general one, I suggest we move it before the section as before.
